We are offering a free bottle of ourSHOCK, TRAUMA AND CHANGE ESSENCE BLENDto all those in need.
We are having an odd reaction to the fact that most of our income for 2020 maybe stuck back in the former dimension forever.
Oddly, I am not stressed.
In fact, I feel it will all work out, but don’t know how, just yet.
We are in self isolation like everyone else, and so much of our work is in a bizarre holding pattern.
So we wanted to find a way to keep helping during this crazy and stressful times.
So.
If you are feeling shock, disbelief, grief, sadness, loss, and even anger.
and/or feeling like you are riding a very wild, roller coaster of emotion with increased challenges, and/or having very strong wake up sequences, and waves of ascension upgrades, and facing loads and loads of change, we want to offer a bit of help.
For the entire month of April, we are offering our SHOCK, TRAUMA AND CHANGE ESSENCE BLEND for FREE to everyone.
I use this blend myself all the time, and it helps smooth off the harsh edges of our energy fields.
It also makes it a bit easier to cope with stress, so we can learn and grow from all the extremes that are happening now.
As you order, we will leave the abundance door wide open, so you can offer as little as $0., to a crazy unlimited amount for each bottle.
We just ask that you pay for the more affordable but a bit slower first class shipping.
Only 1 bottle per person please.) So no worries if you can’t pay anything but shipping.
We love and honor you.
If you are feeling quite abundant, you can help us keep covering our costs for others by paying any amount you heart desires.
We love and honor you too! We just want everyone to get through these times with ease and grace, and come out the other side light filled and filled to the brim with unquenchable super powers.
As the Star Elders say, if you can imagine it, it is already possible.
You just have to dream it into reality.
FYI.
We will scrub our hands like crazy and sanitize everything, before we bottle, label, or touch, in any way, your precious bottle.
But keep in mind that the outer envelope has gone through the U.S.
mail.
so toss the envelope, and wash your hands before you use the essence! We have only LOVE for you all, and feel so blessed that we share this beautiful transfiguring Earth with you.
I am an Amazon Associate, so I earn a small percentage from most of your purchases if you shop through our unique amazon link, and it costs you not one penny more.
This passive income helps us keep going with our service work especially in these crazy times.
To shop on Amazon, always use our special link here.
Humanity as a whole has been living backwards moving away from spirit and are becoming more lost into the material world.
This was always part of the greater plan.
You have been exploring increasing levels of separation from source for over 26,000 years.
You felt that you could have not been more divided from each other this last month.
But you were wrong.
Humanity is no longer divided into one extreme side or another.
You are now all separated from each other.
Separation from source, its insights and the perspectives it offers us, has reached its furthest point possible, while still being able to maintain your  physical body.
Many thousands of light rebels have been holding threads of light to keep the Earth from slipping past a tipping point of no return in this grand exploration process.
and this means you reading this).
So here you are.
Humanity wanted to see how far we could remove ourselves from the ONE and not be lost.
Humanity has become separated from each and every living being in more ways than you could have ever imagined.
Now, you are afraid of each other because of a virus.
The only way humanity can obtain true, godly unity and divine oneness is to feel the total impact of the extreme opposite of oneness.
You needed to feel total isolation laced with extreme, collective fear.
You need to feel the impact of not being able to trust any source but yourself, while feeling the end is unknown and the future is unseeable.
This time has been a big surprise and a huge shock to your system.
Shock opens you up to hidden, unprocessed vaults within you.
Humanity will learn many things, in very real and human ways, in the coming weeks and months.
Your world has been put on pause to face the atrocities of living out of balance with the natural world.
This is a great opportunity to allow yourself to feel and clear things you did not have time for in the past.
While you are isolated and asked to slow down your busy days, many issues and deep wounds that you have avoided, up to now, will come up to be healed.
Take this incredibly concentrated time to accomplish years of spiritual clearing that would have otherwise taken many years.
You will begin to see the illusion in that you are separate.
You could not ever be separate even if you lock yourself away and hide from the world.
You are all connected to everyone.
You cannot break this bond.
This illusion of separation is the most deep and absolute illusion of your reality.
You will see through this illusion.
Soon, humanity will have the opportunity to begin to return to a more natural, mindful balance.
A huge wave in humanity will profoundly and deeply awaken in the coming months.
In their quiet retreats, they will see the illusions that were programmed into their DNA.
They will begin see the mass, global madness that we have become use to.
They will discover the truth.
The great opposition, the creators of this unprecedented situation, will not reach their goal of disempowering or controlling humanity.
Their plans are already beginning to backfire.
They will only make you stronger in the light, and unshakable in your knowing your inner truth.
In the most highest perspectives, this was the divine plan all along, and it is going according to plan.
Because humanity has become accustomed to living in a way that takes you further from natural balance and oneness, what will come next might feel that it is going in the wrong direction.
It might feel like reversing time, because you are used to life the way it was flowing.
But the truth is you are actually beginning to flow with a natural flow of time that is ever living, changing, moving and evolving with life.
It will be unfamiliar and sometimes scary times for you ahead.
But simplifying and refocusing your lives on what is important and NEEDED, not what is simply WANTED, will be key to you evolving in the right direction.
Your Earth’s ecology is already recovering at rapid rates.
The atmosphere is clearing, and the waters are clearing.
Earth knows how to balance herself.
She is strong.
You cannot kill her, but you can destroy yourself.
Your needs and your spiritual path callings are always in balance with Earth.
Your wants are from ego and come from access and greed.
and most of all, it comes from fear and lack that you can heal in the days ahead.
Humanity must be aware of this and learn to be in harmony with the Earth so as not self-annihilate, but to live on into a new future on a healthy, balanced Earth.
Be aware.
Listen and watch with new ears, new eyes and open hearts to pure, unpredictable possibility.
This time is your opportunity.
It has been 20 years, a Mayan Katun cycle, since the last collective fear has engulfed your world and tried to attack your spiritual growth.
This was the Y2K event that was feared would stop your world in an instant.
Some panicked and filled their bunkers with supplies to sustain life.
Others could see through the illusions and filled their hearts with love and celebrated.
But now you all know that this fear of instant and total collapse of your world, that was implanted into the collective field of humanity’s consciousness, was an illusion all along.
You became much stronger within yourself from this test.
Now you have reached another Katun cycle of 20 years.
You are ready to grow much further now.
The same level of testing as before would not challenge your Spirit enough to shift you or bend you into realization to hold a wider range of reality that is beyond linear time and space.
At the beginning of your year 2020, a new test began in your collective human field of consciousness.
This is a multi-layered, matrix-like mutation of the collective consciousness that has been put into place.
Thus, it is to test you on much deeper levels, and it comes with multiple perspectives and no clear one truth.
This 20 year Katun will teach you to trust the way of truth within you; not the “truth” outside you.
This test is using cosmic shock therapy.
Jolts to the system break free old patterns and will clear old ancestral wounds.
This time it IS a shock to the system like no other.
Truth will no longer be a point in time that is clear.
Truth will be like a moving target in which you will need to adjust your perspectives according to the quickly evolution of the truth you seek.
There will be many sides
all which are moving in definition, and truth will be relative.
Again, some will fear and others will celebrate.
But which side you are on will be blurry and out of focus, and you will doubt yourself often, and feel you are missing the point.
There are right and wrong choices on all spectrums of this matrix.
Yet these are either from the consciousness of love, or from the consciousness of fear.
You might feel like you are missing the lesson in this trial.
All we can say is that this will become clearer in time.
Lessons will be learned.
This is a fact.
Many will heal very ancient issues coming from your genetic ancestral lineages.
You will see many things resurface in this slowing down process of lockdown and isolation.
You might feel the extremes of heightened intuition vs heightened fear.
You might feel that you are on the edge of madness inside and then suddenly be washed over with peace.
We appreciate your Heart Donations
Make Offerings Here.
You might feel the ancient echo of soul-breaking abandonment and then feel deeply connected.
You might feel tragic, unimaginable losses and find new avenues of abundance.
You might feel total desolation and then feel so full of spirit that you can’t contain it all, and you are not meant to anyway.
Most of all, you might face the memory of unfathomable human suffering; then move past it and find true bliss.
Once you slow down and face the fears that are rising up in you and greet them with open arms with love, knowing that these things can no longer hurt you, you transform it, not only for you and your genetic family, but you also give help and hope to the entire human race.
No doubt these tests are coming hard and fast.
They will come in multi layers and from shocking and surprising directions.
Stay open and know that you are safe and that this is a a great healing.
Mother Earth is celebrating.
The gift of your slow down.
Her atmosphere is clearing and the waters are purifying.
This is a much needed reboot for Mother Earth as well as for humanity.
Energy ley lines on earth are being released, set free, and are in an exploding expansion cycle all over the Earth.
This process is cleaning and clearing out what is left of the old Earth template and human consciousness programs to create a new chalice-like vessel and Earth template in which to pour in new energy, strength and vitality, like a pure river of creative intention that will be the foundation for the world and awakened consciousness that you can not imagine in this moment.
By 2040, the next Katun, you will have assimilated, merged and mastered fear completely, and fear will never affect your ability to access your truth ever again.
Aluna’s side note
Please be respectful as much as possible during this time, and be conscious of yourself as not to spread or cause harm to another.
It is not coming from fear to isolate or do personal distancing in these challenging times.
Love your neighbors as yourself no matter what their belief system is.
We are all in this together.
In the early morning hours, I felt this wave of deep, soul gratitude and an uplifting of my physical body like I was coming home.
It felt like a release from a prison that I had been in for a very long time.
It was very profound for me, but also knew that when I opened my eyes, it would fade, and I would lose all the details and wisdom that I had been shown.
I kept my attention on this in hopes that I would remember most of what I saw, experienced and understood in that vision.
Sadly it didn’t hold.
I lost it.
When morning came, I shared as much as I could with my partner Raphael.
He also has been having more dreams and a heightened sensitivity in the last few weeks.
I rattled on and on because sometimes when we talk to ones we trust, the truth that was anchored within us will come out.
That is why it is important to share our wildest visions and stories.
But this day, sadly, only highlights emerged.
I thought it was lost.
This morning, the Star Elders and the Lord of Peace, Pakal Votan, came in and sent me this to send to all those who find them self’s reading this.
This is for YOU who read this now.
Humanity has just been downloaded and upgraded; not just in consciousness, but this time in your physical reality.
This is the first step to the new Earth template beginning to manifest in your living material world.
Your dream of a new world is no longer a myth, a metaphysical belief or a secret.
It is now becoming a reality.
Deep inside there has been subtle shifts within you.
You are starting to feel the process of embodying your true self.
We hear you.
You have wanted to go home for so long.
We feel your struggles.
But now you will find that your home is within you.
It is no longer something that you heard from a teacher, read in a book or learned in a workshop.
It is not even something you know with your mind.
It is something you feel in your soul.
You will begin to feel more hopeful and have a new level self confidence.
You will feel your passion for your work in this world start to return, but not in the same way as before.
You are now feeling the first step into physically embodying the template of the new human.
You worked so hard for this.
You have paid a huge price for this.
Now your patience has paid off.“.
We appreciate your Heart Donations
Make Offerings Here.
This process of embodying a upgraded human template has now begun.
There is nothing any living organism or structure on your earth can do to stop this process now.
Not even those who seem to be in power in your world, all the way to a small little virus, can undo this avalanche of evolution.
It has been seeded, and now it is growing without old world limitations.
Some are not pleased that they where unable to stop this tipping point.
All the little efforts, from thousands upon thousands of human beings,  have added up to a critical mass and this pivotal point in your evolution.
All life who can not go with the flow of this profound evolutionary leap will struggle to hold on to their belief system of the illusion of power, wealth and entitlement.
This is not a judgment, but an observation.
Each one has their own time, and we must allow each to find their right time to surrender and allow this gift of ascension and transformation.”.
Because of this great unfolding into a higher level of light, the masses will be feed fear by any way possible by those who are still under the illusion of power, wealth and entitlement.
They are in fear, and they want you to stay fearful and asleep, so they can control your evolution into living , sovereign masters.
Your world will continue to be filled with fabricated events that are magnified beyond any semblance of reality until the entire process is complete.
This will take many more months, to possibly years, depending on how quickly the physical structures of your world embody the new frequencies.
Not everyone (those under the illusions listed above ) will be able to complete this process when the critical mass, tipping point process completes.
Their fate is unsure at this point, but we also see a huge, living thought form created by you named “no one will be left behind”.
We are sure what you envisioned will create an opportunity for them.”.
Your work is simple now as most of the hard work is behind you now.
Stay grounded within your new frequencies and the truth of who you truly are, and always have been.
You have been birthed out of the darkness of forgetfulness of the old world templates.
Your truth is moving beyond any ancestral programming,  karma, traumatic experience or loss, or limiting belief system that you may have.
You are a light at the top of the mountain of consciousness.
Hold steady to your center, and do not go into fear.
If you struggle to stay grounded in your renewed identity, find like minded support.
Band together as one.
Step into your new roles as they appear to you.
Do not try to push forward, or you will push things further away.
FLOW with divine timing in the waves coming.
If you do not find your new role, stand your ground in your truth until the door to your new roles appear.
But most  importantly, hold firm to a consciousness filled with love and truth, and allow this to flow through you with everything you do, say and create.
Remember, this is what you came here for!  And we are here with you.“.
Finally all the bumpy clues I have been collecting are starting to fall into place.
At least I can hope.
fingers crossed) The energy surges that blasted us to our very limit, and the last few weeks in 2019, were a real mind-bending, roller coaster.
Hey, if the Queen said it was a bumpy ride, then you know it was truly a shake up of global portions.
We just could not stay calm and carry on! But we were warned, just as predicted by the Star Elders, that no one was exempt from these energy waves.
And that is a good thing folks.
On and off, this past year left me feeling beyond overwhelmed and thoroughly cooked down to my very core.
Giant tidal waves rocked humanity and the collective consciousness with little time to recover.
Many times it showed up as huge, ego shattering, energy blasts.
It was hard to hold any level of self, or self esteem, during those times.
It was easy to take a lot of these waves very personally, and times we just felt lost.
We blamed ourselves for not being positive or for not holding a high enough frequency.
We were left questioning nearly every thing and every truth in our lives.
But it wasn't until just after Christmas that I could see the beginning of a broader picture forming.
All of this brutal transformation was necessary for the rise of clarity coming in 2020.
It has been training us all to contain a broader more encompassing energy and a much wider reality and multi-dimensionality.
In these dark depths, that we fell into so uncontrollably, is the very place where a new and higher frequency is being birthed.
We were in labor in 2019, and 2020 is the arrival!.
All this really started for me around Thanksgiving and continued through Christmas.
I was obsessed with driving up Oak Creek Canyon just outside of Sedona.
We made the drive after each fresh snow fall and any other time spirit said GO! The roads were nearly free of other cars due to the weather.
I kept having little magical moments with the Earth, trees and nature between West Fork Trail Head and Cave Springs.
Then 12/28/19 was a game changer for me.
We were driving down Oak Creek Canyon once again, and we reached this magical spot on the road.
I had opened my window to smell the wonderfully, clean air that comes after a really good snow fall.
I was looking at the snow covered branches and the beautiful ice fractals formations that the sun was hitting.
It was like I had heightened super vision.
Just then, a huge and sudden transformational surge overtook me.
I hit a moment of the most absolute, other-worldly bliss.
I had never felt anything close to this ever.
It was so powerful that I felt like it might sweep me right out of my body, and I think it did.
It was a seriously ethereal intoxication.
Simultaneously though, I felt so very, very sick .
like the worst full body vertigo and nausea that I had ever felt.
It happened so quick, and it was so deeply terrifying.
It passed as quickly as it arrived.
But this was a bizarre moment even for me, and it left me questioning, What in the world was that?.
In the middle of the bliss and the hell, I saw a huge energy wall .
like an energy block that was keeping me from going forward.
In my heart I knew, because I could now see the block / wall, I could also go through it.
I was free from all the constraints of the past.
The little child in me felt quite smug, as I looked back at my past and said So there.
I see the wall, and you can't stop me from going through now.
This was a big victory moment for me and for my soul.
But I didn't really understand it all in that moment.
I just knew that something big had happened in a very short minute, and it was huge.
And because I felt this, I am sure others did to.
Did you?.
It wasn't until I began to write about this that I remembered another piece that was linked to the vision that I had of this wall.
In 1990, I was spending the night in Palenque, Mexico.
I had an all night meditation atop Temple of the Sun.
It was on this night that I saw ecstatic, limitless, creative energy.
At that time, when I asked if I could learn how to merge with it, or work with it, the Star Elders told me that this energy, that I was seeing, was on a great cosmic, time clock.
I was seeing what was on the other side of the wall.
They said no matter how hard I worked on myself spiritually, this energy would not be released until it was time.
Well .
after 30 years, I think it is time, and this energy has just been released! This surge of energy has already circumnavigated the Earth to YOU if you know it or not.
Somewhere inside of you, you have felt it!.
P.S.
Remember that Palenque is on a huge, Earth energy grid line called the Plumed Serpent Ley Line (The Plumed Serpent Ley Line is one of two major Earth ley lines.
The other is the Rainbow Serpent Ley Line.) The Plumed Serpent Ley Line covers the sacred sites of Palenque, Mexico - Sedona, Arizona - Mt.
Shasta, California - Mt.
Fuji, Japan - the 4 mountains of Bali - Lake Titacaca, Peru - and then circumnavigates backÂ to Palenque.
But any energy activity on either Ley Line affects both lines, as they cross over each other, harmonizing energy all over the Earth.
Because this year has been so self leveling, ego transfiguring and metamorphosing, it has taken us longer to understand what in the world is going on.
The new energies are so far beyond our past understanding of reality, that it takes a huge and exhausting stretch of consciousness, and an even deeper level of letting go, to make any sense of it.
All our current crazy, energy ascension symptoms are so far beyond what we have been use to, that we simply thought we were doing something wrong, so we hunkered down even further and thus took a lot of things personally.
As the Star Elders teach .
Always ask, What is me, and what is not me? If what you are experiencing is yours personally, then take responsibility for it.
Simple.
If it is part of the collective consciousness and it is not yours personally, then purposely draw your energy away from it, and do not feed the monster.
Simple again.
Then, when I thought I might not understand the whole story of what happened on December 28th, a friend sent me a little update from Celia Fenn who also acknowledged that she felt the power surge on 12/28.
She felt the Earth moved from the 5th into the 6th and even the 7th dimension on that day.
Celia was also clear that it wasn't just in consciousness, like in the past, but it was in the physical also.
I feel this was the same concept as what I experienced; the extraordinary bliss, alarming vertigo, and the block/ wall that I saw myself cross over! She went on to say that those who have worked on their light body were part of this test run of the energy surge.
And that the Earth and certain sacred sites will now be accessible at these much higher levels, to those who know how to work in their light bodies.
I would guess that all major sacred sites, including some of my favorite sites like Palenque Mexico, Glastonbury England, and Giza Egypt, to name a very few, are now radiating at new higher frequencies.
Considering how powerful this 12/28 surge was, I wonder if we can now reach these new higher levels and dimensions with our physical bodies that have been metamorphosized.
Have our physical bodies merged with our light bodies? Have they merged with our higher selves? And if so, have we just entered a whole new reality?.
Then a few days later, I had a lucid dream.
I saw what looked like a human form merged with a tree of life.
I could see many dimensions or alternate realities connected to this human form by long, tubular threads.
And at the end of these threads, there were spheres of realities.
This had nothing to do with meridians or our chakras .
these dimensions were connected to something new within us, like a whole, brand new, energy system.
These realities had crystalline fractal patterns around them that looked much like the ice fractals that I saw on the 28th during my confusing energy surge.
It was then that I knew that I had actually left my body for a short time.
This is why I could remember close ups of the ice fractals that I could not have possibly seen while driving in the car.
Once I was out my physical body, I could reboot and upload new programs.
Then I was slam dunked back into my body causing the extreme vertigo.
And it is not over yet.
Many people are expecting a huge surge that is going to impact the Rainbow Serpent Ley Line and the earths Solar Plexus on Jan 12, 2020.
It is prophesied that it will be bigger than we have ever experienced on this planet in recorded history.
Uluru has already been gearing up with an epic lightning storm on December 30th.
Uluru will get switched on by the local indigenous custodians on January 12th.
It is said that this will send a blast of new energy throughout the song lines of the planet, connecting all of the Earth Chakras together by using the Rainbow Serpent Ley Line.
According to Robert Coon, the ley line starts from Uluru (Solar Plexus) and travels through Bali (World Purification Centre), to Glastonbury (Heart & Third Eye Chakras), to Lake Titicaca (Sacral Chakra) and then back around and through to Uluru.
There are many more details on this that we won't write about here.
Do a quick search on 1/12/2020 Robert Coon, you will find more details quickly.
We can only guess what we will experience with this next surge, but I think we have a little idea how this might feel in our physical body.
I can speculate with my intuition that with both ley lines profoundly elevated, nearly simultaneously in time, and our physical and light bodies merged, our light body absorbing our physical human space suit, well .
I have a good imagination to what might come next.
But I expect most sacred sites will be radiating from a higher octave now.
This makes this sacred site junkie very very happy.
So hang on.
Keep your Earth suit grounded, your peepers open, and your brightest lights on, and do the work you are called to do, because you don't want to miss this one.
There is a frantic energy that most can feel in the ethers now.
The crescendo of this shift of an age is upon you.
Your body feels this in many ways, but your soul quakes knowing that you can never feel fully ready for something that you cannot understand until you make the blind leap.
The top 1% are fracturing.
Most of them are now fighting each other and tearing each other apart like demented animals.
There is no one left for them to conquer, so they will try to conquer each other.
They want to be at the top of the top.
They all want to be the ruler of the world.
But the structure that holds them underneath will no longer support them.
It is crumbling now because you will let them fall.
This is a loving act on your part, no matter how they feel about it as the time nears.
The remainder of the top 1% are scrambling to go underground in mass.
They cannot hide no matter what covert plans they try to put into action.
Hiding will not offer them their desired result.
Their money, or power that they think comes with wealth, cannot protect them.
Having wealth is not the issue, but the faux entitlement that comes with it.
This program and belief system will not go on into the future.
God is unlimited and abundant, and you are a part of God.
Wealth in all its forms is alway yours.
All these top 1% of humanity are serving out a huge divine purpose in a tremendous crescendo of chaos.
They have created an epic dismantling of the old world that will be remembered for generations to come.
This was a huge unspeakable sacrifice for each and everyone, but also a blessing for their souls.
We honor their bravery to take on this horrific soul purpose.
You (those reading this now) will be part of creating a brand new but surprising reality.
You will be a part of a new and creative solution to humanity’s current dilemma as you fully cross over to a new world.
There are only two choices now that lead to the desired outcome that has been put into motion.
The dismantling or the rebuilding.
The momentum has passed the pivotal point of being able to recoil or back up and reassess future possibilities.
The unstoppable force of light and truth is pulling you forward into the new dimension.
You may not be able to understand with your mind what is transpiring, or bring this massive event into your consciousness .
but have no doubt .
you are arriving!.
I see a little square cube that is oscillating crazy fast like an atom does in each of our cells.
The light cube quickly implodes and becomes a circle, and then goes back out into a cube.
The cube and the circle are core symbols to ancient Maya cosmology.
The square is the Earth and physical reality, and the circle is the spirit and everything non-physical.
The square is about our human spacesuit, and the circle is our limitless spirit.
They are the building blocks to everything in heaven and Earth, and they contain every possibility and ability.
When it oscillates, we can be both body and spirit.
This light cube is a gift to help us remember and to heal because we forgot who we are.
Now I am seeing an amazing, living rainbow, kaleidoscope energy.
This is an advanced complex form of what they just showed me with the cube.
It is morphing out from the center and moving out into the world.
It is beautiful and multi-colored.
I think they are offering us an activation.
So are we ready? Let's dig further to see what this is all about.
Archangel Michael reminds me that we came here (Palenque) with the intent for healing on all levels.
So he says this is the beginning of this healing.
I asked within about what are we going to do today, and I hear this now .
We are to merge with the fast, oscillating light cube, and then they will layer the constant motion, rainbow, kaleidoscope energy.
I am sure as we go on that they will make sense of this, and relate it to our lives in human form.
I see that this living rainbow, kaleidoscope energy rises up from the planet's ley lines and nodes first.
Then the energy slowly moves out into the world, so the entire world will have the opportunity and benefit of this energy.
For now, I see the energy will be less concentrated the further it goes out from the source.
Once all the ley lines of the Earth are fully activated, there will be no deterioration of the energy as it moves across the planet.
There are many brave ones working daily on the energy grids all over the Earth.
Palenque is built on top of one of two main Earth arteries (ley lines) that circumnavigate our planet.
Here in Palenque, we are working with the Plumed Serpent Ley Line.
The healing offered here today will begin from a pure and concentrated form of this energy, from this ley line, infused with the wisdom of the oscillating cube, and the stunning rainbow kaleidoscope.
Archangel Michael, the Star Elders and Lord Pakal say those reading this with an open heart will receive the pure and concentrated form of this energy no matter where you are.).
Are you open to having a physical, soul and spiritual healing on all levels, including your amnesia in this life, your past lives, and ancient lineages? This is what they are offing us today.
You must give permission for this activation to take place as you read this, because we/they never force or push any energy on anyone as this is an invasion of your free will, personal boundaries, and sacred space.
If you are not called to this message, you can stop reading here.).
Archangel Michael, the Star Elders and Lord Pakal want us to allow the energy to come into the heart of our beings.
Please place your bare feet on the ground, and make sure you are in a space where you will not be disturbed until you are finished with this process.
Have pure drinking water nearby as well.
Also, do what feels natural for you.
You have outlived your programming for this incarnation.
An earth year now offers you the growth of a lifetime.
You have never attempted this process before.
You are racing to catch up, but you are being supported.
The rules of nature are now upgraded into the current cycle.
Re-harmonization is in process.
Your entire life experience is being measured to a new standard.
You are being held accountable for everything,.
even for those things you mis-created before you awakened.
You are being re-aligned for all actions that can not go further.
But you have a choice.
To stay your course that is what you already know.
Or open to the possibility that everything is about to change.
We are reaching a critical point between what seems to be super sensitivity to feelings vs a growing lack of empathy.
Neither is right or wrong, but it is part of the harmonization process the Star Elders speak about.
Older generations grew up in the previous cycle’s programming.
This old programming taught us to ignore or devalue our feelings and to give our power away.
This is how our world mis-created so much.
We were not taught to listen to our hearts and, most of all, our higher-selves.
We might be viewed as insensitive during this time.
This is why humanity now needs to back track, and clean up the past.
Younger generations are now growing up in the new cycle frequencies, and because of this, they are valuing each and every feeling.
We might call them snow flakes, but are they? If we are to clean up the unconscious mess our world is in right now, we need to listen and feel each and every feeling, and then have the self-worth, and empowerment to act on them.
This process is challenging.
It may cause anxiety to older generations, because they are not use to allowing themselves to feel so much, and in such detail .
and most of all, to feel the support to act on this inner truth.
It is challenging to younger ones as well.
It may cause confusion, lack of commitment, and they might often become ungrounded.
They can deal with all the heightened feelings, but they do not have the gift of wisdom that living many decades brings.
I think we can help each other through this harmonization process if we can go beyond our personal perspectives that we grew up with, and build a bridge between the younger, super consciousness and elder wisdom!.
Regarding the last line, where the Star Elders are saying that “everything is about to change”, we have to remember that Star Elder consciousness comes from a much bigger timeline than we do.
With my lifetime experience of working with the Star Elders, when they say things with a time line imprint on it, that sounds like it could happen right now; this could mean tomorrow, but most likely it means many months or even a year from now.
So breathe.
This change will most likely not come in a flash.
It is to hard on the survival of our human spacesuit.
The universe will give us time to adjust to the many layers of change coming.
Tikal, Quirigua and Copan have been calling for months in various ways.
It was becoming clear that it was time to go back, but we were also feeling daunted by the fact that we are not giving you much time to leap and come with us.
But the call keeps coming, new connections are being made and synchronicities continue.
Spirit had a strong hand in choosing the dates that we ended up booking for this pilgrimage and all of this was done while we were in a retrograde.
Raphael likes a challenge I guess ??.
We were wanting to get to these sites before Equinox as hotels are very difficult to book during Equinox.
But oddly, this was the ONLY time that we could get the comfortable and best accommodations in Tikal and the other areas that we are going to! I am still in shock and in awe of Spirit's power to carve a way for us to be in the sites at just the right time.
Then I got this astrology report from Mahala www.Mahalasastrology.com and then it all made sense.
She shared that there has been a lot of chaos in the world, and I have been seeing old contracts being torn up and lineage lines being cleaned and cleared.
This is the time we finish our journey through the void of transformation.
Mahala shared "We have been in an dark time period since March 20, 2016.
That day started our journey through three days of darkness.
The Bible says that one day equals a year which means that we have been in three years of darkness, or chaos, and this ALL OVER on March 20, 2019." (MARCH 20 IS THE EQUINOX, AND IT IS ALSO THE DAY THAT WE WILL BE IN TIKAL).
Just before our group begins our travels in the Maya world "Uranus moves into Taurus on March 6, 2019.
This will change the cycle from being ruled by Mars to being ruled by soft, gentle, feminine Venus.
We have been watching for the last few years the sleeping, divine feminine wake up and begin her clearing roar.
We feel that this time is the final step to leveling the field between genders and all forms of polarity.
So, needless to say, we are very excited, and we see once again that Spirit guides us to just the right moment.
This pilgrimage feels like the opposite end of the great transformational cycle that we began in 2013.
This is the higher frequency that we were working toward with when we entered the first day, year zero on 12-21-2012.
In hindsight, it feels like we forged through the last bit of the void (the dark rift), and, in the last few months, it feels like we are finally closing the door on the contaminated past and history.
I want to say thank you to all those that joined us in the historic 2012 pilgrimage.
You braved the unknown and border crossings :o) and helped humanity begin the process to finally leave the darkness and outdated past behind us.
In 2019, we feel we have a strong footing in a new beginning.
We are excited to find out what new wisdoms we will learn, what amazing life-changing events we will experience, and how we will rise up as seeds for the future and way-showers for a new beginning.
If you are reading this, then you are invited to join us in this ceremonial celebration of the heart! There is no mistake that you were called to read this.
We are looking forward to having you join our family of wisdom keepers, light-workers, messengers and healers.
Tikal, Quirigua and Copan have been calling for months in various ways.
It was becoming clear that it was time to go back, but we were also feeling daunted by the fact that we are not giving you much time to leap and come with us.
But the call keeps coming, new connections are being made and synchronicities continue.
Spirit had a strong hand in choosing the dates that we ended up booking for this pilgrimage and all of this was done while we were in a retrograde.
Raphael likes a challenge I guess ??.
We were wanting to get to these sites before Equinox as hotels are very difficult to book during Equinox.
But oddly, this was the ONLY time that we could get the comfortable and best accommodations in Tikal and the other areas that we are going to! I am still in shock and in awe of Spirit's power to carve a way for us to be in the sites at just the right time.
Then I got this astrology report from Mahala and then it all made sense.
She shared that there has been a lot of chaos in the world, and I have been seeing old contracts being torn up and lineage lines being cleaned and cleared.
Mahala and I both know this time is about to pass as we finish our journey through the dark cycle of transformation.
Mahala shared "We have been in an extremely dark time period since March 20, 2016.
That day started our journey through three days of darkness.
The Bible says that one day equals a year which means that we have been in three years of darkness, or chaos and this period lasts until March 20, 2019." (MARCH 20 IS THE EQUINOX, AND IT IS ALSO THE DAY THAT WE WILL BE IN TIKAL).
Just before our group begins our travels in the Maya world, Mahala shares "Uranus moves into Taurus on March 6, 2019.
This will change the cycle from being ruled by Mars to being ruled by Venus.
Venus is a soft, gentle, feminine energy."
We have been watching for the last few years the sleeping, divine feminine wake up and begin her clearing roar.
We feel that this time is the final step to leveling the field between genders and all forms of polarity.
So, needless to say, we are very excited, and we see once again that Spirit guides us to just the right moment.
This pilgrimage feels like the opposite end of the great transformational cycle that we began in 2013.
This is the higher frequency that we were working toward with when we entered the first day, year zero on 12-21-2012.
In hindsight, it feels like we forged through the last bit of the void (the dark rift), and, in the last few months, it feels like we are finally closing the door on the contaminated past and history.
I want to say thank you to all those that joined us in the historic 2012 pilgrimage.
You braved the unknown and border crossings :o) and helped humanity begin the process to finally leave the darkness and outdated past behind us.
In 2019, we feel we have a strong footing in a new beginning.
We are excited to find out what new wisdoms we will learn, what amazing life-changing events we will experience, and how we will rise up as seeds for the future and way-showers for a new beginning.
If you are reading this, then you are invited to join us in this ceremonial celebration of the heart! There is no mistake that you were called to read this.
We are looking forward to having you join our family of wisdom keepers, light-workers, messengers and healers.
Physics has proven that the physical world is one big ocean of energy that materializes and dematerializes in a split second, over and over again.
Nothing is solid.
This is quantum physics.
But the ancient ones always knew this.
The Star Elders share over and over that there is only energy and nothing is solid.
The walls that stop us are no more resistant to us passing through them than the air that we breathe.
Universal energy can not be used up or can it run out.
It can only re-purposed, redirected or recycled.
And here is the really fun bit the Star elders share, if all of humanity meditated together and entered the void at the same time, the material world would just simply disappear.
No wonder then why we feel soul tired much of the time.
We are created in God’s image, and we are creating an entire new world with each heart beat! So pollution could simply be re-purposed into clean air and water.
Hate and anger could be recycled into love and acceptance.
The idea of lack and limitation could be flipped around so no one would be hungry, thirsty or cold.
and right now.
So when we work to clean our energy, our thoughts, our deeds and our core motivations for creating anything.
we are cleaning up humanity and the world.
Simple!
We are certainly feeling a big energy shift as of yesterday.
It is yet another level of letting go with a feeling of grace and freedom returning.
We were doing the happy dance here!
Three themes I see are rising to the surface and all at once.
I think we are getting use to spiritual multi-tasking at this point.
You could not handle this much transformation at once in the pre-2012 dates right? The three themes are ANCESTRAL LINEAGES and CONTRACT COMPLETIONS, expanding and elevating our ASCENSION process, and accessing PURE TRUTH.
These three themes seem to be strongly evident in the energy that we are experiencing these days.
Sooo with that said, this morning I was called to look through our Sacred Site essences to see what would help this beautiful forward movement to continue, to clear up the dust in the corners and the backs of our internal closets of things that we still didn’t know were there, and to also elevate us in these Holy-Days.
Please read our full essence descriptions on our website, and see if any call to your unique situations.
This is a BIG theme that has been going on this entire year.
The current energies are very supportive to healing and/or clearing out-dated, ancestral programming.
So I wanted to put this first essence at the top of the list.
With the holidays and the drama it can create, this essence could be quite beneficial and healing regarding our genetic family.
When we heal or clear our genetic family, we also heal the entire lineage that we are connected to, which, by the way, connects to everyone on Earth.
I am also reminded of a quote by Matt Kahn "When people mistreat you, you help them heal only when you walk away." I share this because healing might come in the form of letting go, at least for a time.
The Chief Ouray Peace, Patience & Diplomacy Essence helps us assess our spiritual diplomacy, and it helps us hold our ego and our tongue when situations get heated.
Remember, your bright light can trigger others around you.
This is not your fault, and what thay say to you is not about you.
I am reminded of a quote by Don Miguel Ruiz “Don't take anything Personally.
Nothing others do is because of you.
What others say and do is a projection of their own reality, their own dream.
When you are immune to the opinions and actions of others, you won't be the victim of needless suffering.”
This group of essences will help you with Ascension symptoms and our spiritual growing pains.
They will also elevate our soul and bring about a deeper peace.
Read on our website for the full essence description to see if any of these call to you.
We like to use this essence when we need tough love to uncover authentic truth.
Sometimes us humans like to sugar coat the truth to make it easier to swallow, but then we can only heal part of the issue that will resurface later.
This is why we have repeating lessons in life.
This essence, if you are committed to healing, will help you get to the core of the issue and heal it for good! 
I know many of you are feeling this out there.
A strange need for a disconnect from our current world, and the observation of a challenging 50/50 split of humanity.
I am finding the 3D world increasingly more difficult to deal with.
I just don’t want to be a part of it anymore.
and maybe this is a clue for me and those feeling this, to give some deep attention to.
I find our world oddly antiquated, out of date, and immensely over complicated to the point of threatening implosion.
Something deep inside my soul says all this complication is completely unnecessary.
This triggers a superficial angst.
and a deep soul-knowing.
in the possibility of being totally free.
None of these feelings make any sense at this time, but it is the way I am continuing to feel.
Are you feeling this?
So these insights are triggering major questions.
Are we in the process of bailing out of a mind-based, highly complicated world? Are we bailing out on a huge system that evolved into something corrupt, that we didn’t envision, that harvests our divine energy in uncountable ways? Are we being set free from the constraints of human programming so we can be our authentic selves? Maybe it is time for this to happen at this point in our evolution.
This is something I am watching and pondering at this point in time.
I also wonder how this could play out in our physical world.
We are in a “wait and see” mode right now, while staying fluid and flexible.
And as the Star Elders have said, what will unfold will be a big surprise (sounds nice), or what I call life unexpectedly coming out of left field (a little more ominous).
I know what is now manifesting is not what most of us had envisioned over many years.
but I think there is a bigger picture emerging now.
Our eyes have been opened further, and now we can see this bigger picture, at least part of it.
An authentic life well lived should never be weighed down by the mind.
I was having a conversation with a good friend Melody the other day.
We begin talking about the great split in humanity that we were seeing.
We joked about how humanity has separated now into two very distinct and nearly equal races.
This has nothing to do with genetics, social status, popularity, wealth etc
After this conversation, I starting thinking about the many things that the Star Elders have shared over the years.
So I want to share this.
particularly today.
as we enter into the holy-days, and in the USA, we celebrate Thanksgiving.
You will see my reasoning further down.
So hang on, because this might get a little “out there”, especially if you are new to my messages.
Many years ago the Star Elders shared that, by their calculations, 50% of humanity had extra-terrestrial (holy family) DNA.
Somewhere in the distance past, there was divine intervention from our cosmic family.
Humanity was given a huge boost in our evolution.
This could be an explanation for the missing link in anthropology, and also the birth of what we call the holy family linages that mirror in most religions on Earth.
Could this divine intervention event in the ancient past be causing the massive split that we are seeing in humanity right now? Because those, with eyes opened wider these days, can see that humanity is separating in to a nearly equal 50/50 split!
Are the ones with the extra-terrestrial DNA going in one direction, while the others are going another way? Please hear this point.
The Star Elders are VERY clear that either direction that humanity takes is neither right nor wrong.
they are just different paths.
There are no judgments to either side.
But there is obviously a split happening.
We can all see this in our current society.
How this split will play out in humanity, in our physical world, I feel is the surprise the Star Elders speak about.
We do not know how this is going to manifest and play out because it is a unknown.
So how do we navigate without a compass? Well you have a compass! It is called your heart.
And for years we have said to follow it.
But now the callings of our hearts are asking us not to make comfortable baby steps, but to make multiple, challenging huge leaps! Each day we are called not to do what we have always known to do but do what we have never done before.
Certainly we are out of our comfort zone, everyone is, no matter what side of the split you are living in.
So as we gather with family in these holiday-days, understand that you and others might be on one side or the other.
We are past the age where we judge anyone’s life choices.
We are past the age where we try to convert another to our belief system.
Let everyone BE just who they are and love them.
Use your energy to love one another, not to judge or try to fix, because the choices have been made.
This is a better use of your energy.
Being in acceptance, compassion, and love is the only way that we will anchor peace as this process plays out.
With that said.
Happy, Blessed, Thanksgiving and Holy-Days how ever you decide to celebrate them.
May Peace fill your hearts as you navigate these exciting times.
P.S.
Be flexible for the unexpected “surprises” ahead, and just be who you are.
LOVE.
Archangel Michael is quick to join us on this day, and he begins his message is his usual humorous and blunt way, but always with so much love.
This message it is not just for you, but it is also for the people you know out in the world.
You are ready to bring this message to the world, as we ("we" being Archangel Michael and his legion of angels) can see you are authentic beings.
We see you are doing your very best to hold impeccable light and truth, and we are impressed.
Your challenge is that many people in the outer world, who are also trying their best to do the right thing, are not yet seeing results they were expecting.
Their reality is falling short of their dreams, and they are losing hope.
There are some subtle, outdated ideas and upgrades taking place in your creation program.
No one needs to lose hope, not at this time in your history.
You are just beginning.
We want to address your understanding of manifesting.
There is a very well-known and followed truth that we create our reality.
And on a deep soul level you truly do, but we also create collectively.
You share this planet with billions of souls, all who are creating differently than you.
This will impact your personal creative outcomes.
As you have asked to become ONE, it is time to create collectively for global change.
When two or more are gathered in the Creator's name (I AM), then the love, wisdom and power of the enlightened Christ is with you.
We would like to address a few, still existing truths and programs in your consciences that need tossing or updating.
Does false positivity = authentic manifesting?
Many accept a truth that states that one must stay positive 100% of the time to manifest their inner vision.
As you know by now, staying 100% positive is nearly impossible to obtain.) Because of this problem, a bad habit of covering up any perceived, negative reaction has formed into this truth.
Many say automatically "It's all good" to any uncomfortable challenging situation they might be experiencing.
This way they feel that they can stay positive.
They put all their attention on precise, positive wording, and they ignore their true feelings and their motivation for what they are saying.
This in itself is not a mortal sin.
But this action simply buries or swallows the negative event or situation.
They can lose much energy by avoiding / ignoring the situation.
They also remove themselves from taking any responsibility for their part in it.
Their spiritual growth is now stunted, stalled and becoming toxic.
Sugar coating situations also happens when people are afraid to make a commitment to anything, because they are afraid that they are going to make a mistake.
You are going to make mistakes.
There is no way around it.
The mistakes always have a good lesson if you are looking for it, but you need to keep making choices, and commit to doing your best in each moment.
In owning your truth and taking responsibility for participation in any perceived, negative situation, there is priceless wisdom and growth.
The Universe is completely unbiased and has no agenda.
So whatever you accept into yourself, the universe will continue to give you.
It absolutely has to.
The Universe has to give you what you ask for.
Remember you are in a living mastery school.
If you are in a human space suit, you will be challenged and tested.
Passing these tests is more about being authentic in each moment than about staying positive.
It is about how you respond to each life challenge.
Never say it is ALL good if it is not.
What you learn from living and growing through uncomfortable situations IS something to be grateful for! The only thing that is truly good is God and the enlightened mighty I AM Presence within you.
When we see others say "It's all good", it is their unconscious motivation to try to trick the universe with false positivity.
The universe cannot be tricked, but it is confused to what you want.
False positivity, ulterior motives, and negating the truth never works as you would hope.
You have learned to send out your desires with great power, and the creative universe and God is listening.
But the mixed signals are short circuiting your beautiful power.
If something takes place in your world that does not feel right to you, and you say it must be in divine order, you negate the power that is within us.
But we also tell the Universe that it is okay, and this gives the universe permission to give us more of that.
We are trying to be all love and light all the time, and that is not what all love and light is.
Light burns the darkness away.
Not everything in your world is what Divine Spirit intended, but it is humanity's creation.
We ask you to be authentic in each moment, take responsibility for all your creations, and follow your heart.
It is in your soul's integrity in each moment to say "This is not right for me".
It is OK to say "I AM not going to accept this miscreation".
You are Divine Spirit.
False positivity and avoidance of responsibility is why the world is in the mess it is in right now.
There is a major self-correction coming, and you can already feel it.
By the time I was called to release this message, a major course correction was in full throttle.) Being authentic, being natural in each moment, enjoying the bliss and learning from the blasts of energy while holding firm to a larger vision, creates long term manifesting.
Feel it, own it, heal it and move on.
We ask you to really think about this next point because it is an eye opener.
The creative universe hears/sees ALL of you, not just your well-chosen, positive words.
It also sees your intent, motivation and what you are avoiding as well.
So, our question is this Why is it that we never hear anyone say "It's all good" to a blessed, happy moment? Think about it.
Why do you like to sugar coat the darkness, but not acknowledge the light!
When you say "It's all good" to pain and suffering, the non-judgmental, creative universe accepts that you are ok with that pain, and it will send you more.
It is unnatural and an untruthful reaction to sugar coat the miss-creations in your life, when inside your heart you know that it does not feel right and it hurts.
God does not want you to hurt.
So why do you keep asking for it? What would happen if you gave the creative universe the signal that "It's all good" when you are in your divine flow, when you are happy, content, peaceful, etcâ€¦? We ask you to Quit lying to yourself.
Quit lying to the universe.
It is time to be authentic and truthful, and own each moment as a gift to either learn from or enjoy.
And DO BOTH don't just learn, feel the joy all the way as well!
This is one part of the message that we hope you will take out into the world.
Does suffering = enlightenment?
There is a very old program that needs tossing out for good.
We ask that you quit looking for suffering to awaken.
We hear you say "I must have needed to suffer in this way to grow", or "It is all in divine order".
This is also a way to avoid truth and your personal responsibility for what you are experiencing.
On a deeper level, some think that they need to live or be in poverty to awaken, and/or that money is evil.
God is so unlimited and endlessly abundant.
God has it all (so to speak), and so should you.
Money is not evil.
It is what you do with your abundance that makes it a positive or harmful thing.
When you temporarily experience human suffering, dig into it with power and light, and see why this situation has come to you.
Be transparent and authentic with yourself.
Facing the truth can be scary, and if it is not, then you need to dig deeper until you find the scary place inside of you.
Remember things you have done before never scare you in the same way.
Only new frontiers make your heart quicken and your mind race.
Remember, fear and excitement are the same chemical in your body! So how could fear be viewed as negative? Keep digging, accepting and healing until it no longer scares or hurts you.
All suffering passes when acknowledged.
God and the Divine I AM Presence never needs you to suffer to awaken.
These are old soul agreements and patterns that you made, and now you will agree to awaken with joy.
This is another part of the message that we hope you will take out into the world.
Alone we can get there faster.
Together we can go farther.
Nothing changes in the world unless we go out and change it.
This does not mean that we are responsible to put right everything in the world.
Please don't go looking for work to do because your work will find you.
There is plenty to do.
Wait and allow what is yours to arrive on your doorstep.
If you feel a miscreation in your field of existence, then it is calling you to stand up, acknowledge it, and then begin to morph it into your higher vision.
The problem is that many people are not standing up and saying "This isn't right, and I won't take it anymore".
This is because so many people sugar coat the situation, and yet they still expect change.
Band together on bigger issues, and your light is multiplied in a way that nothing can stop it.
You are more powerful working together than apart.
It is time for the monk to come out of the cave (by the time I was called to post this message, we could already see the uprising already.)
Lying to your body and immune system.
We hear so many of you, who are physically feeling out of sorts, say something odd "I don't have the cold, etcI am just having a clearing".
Or more confusing yet, you totally avoid and lie to yourself that you feel unwell at all.
Well, in truth, your body is both having an illness and a clearing.
But here is the fine tuning that is needed to this belief system.
If you ignore your body when you feel unwell, and say it is just a clearing, your body's immune system doesn't understand it is sick.
Your body listens to you.
Tell it the truth, and allow your immune system to kick into full gear and do what it does best heal you! Your body is a miraculous healing machine.
It will heal itself if you tell it too if you allow the process.
You need to own both sides, your spirit AND your body.
Learn why you are unwell, and tell your body to heal it.
Then move on.
We ask you to take these messages out into the world, because what we have shared, you most likely already know to be true from your own personal experiences.
So when someone says "It's all good", you will have an opening to offer a gentle, fine tuning of that truth.
You can share that they just gave permission to the Universe to download more of that to them.
Is this ok with you? One way we can go about not supporting what is going on in the world is by offering others a better way by example, and to hold sacred space for positive outcomes.
Sharing, when there is an opening to do so, is what makes you a server of humanity.
It makes you a powerful light generator.
Humanity's truth is changing now, and rising to a higher octave.
We have been cooking in this energy for some time now, and the whole Earth rising up.
It is time to take charge of our creations.
Otherwise we will get what we ask for in an endless loop of pain and suffering.
Shine the light on mis-creations without anger, judgment and frustration, in a neutral, non-judgmental way.
We cannot separate any individual from the rest of humanity.
We are now beginning to act as ONE.
It is time to upload new intents and tell the universe the truth.
It is time to use the light to burn away the darkness, and do it together whenever possible.
This about walking in your light, owning your true power and not accepting anything less than truth.
It is an era of great revolution.
Marcus, our local England expert, shared "It is kind a catch 22 because the statement 'It's all in divine order' is true.
Part of the divine order is to get us to the point of saying 'I am mad as hell, and I am not going to take it anymore'.
That is getting us to wake up".
Aluna responds If we just allow whatever happens without taking action, the Universe is going to give us spiritual leftovers.
People claim that their power and light are going to provide positive manifestations.
Of course, it is all part of the divine plan, but choosing a side is a form of judgment and part of the old paradigm.
We could say, I am sick as hell of that senator's bad behavior, that self-serving lawyer, that uninformed doctor, or that whatever or whoever that doesn't have your best interest in mind.
It is okay to be mad as hell in the short term.
That is part of the Divine plan too.
And of course being mad, as Jeshua had done in the past, is only the initiation to a creation.
The rest of the creation must be anchored in light and love to have any sustainability.
We are not past the point of no return.
It may look like it, but Archangel Michael is very clear about this.
We can turn this world around.
All we have to do is to readjust a few things that we have already mentioned here.
Your time is up.
You can't just roll over, and say "It is all good", and expect a different outcome.
We just need to keep feeding the vision, and starve the monster.
Thank you for honoring both sides.
Remember, this message isn't most likely for you, as most of you reading this already know what we have shared here today.
It is for all those you are connected to.
Now go out from here, and gently plant these seeds.
Send this message out with love, grace and ease.
Allow people to come to the realization that it is not okay to accept the things that do not feel right to them any longer.
Now, if you are still reading this, First we want to acknowledge that you are spiritual troopers for sure.
You are hard workers.
We would like to invite you to join us in timelessness, and ceremony within, and help us send this message to humanity.
This part is edited to include you now as you read this.
When we walked into the Duloe stone circle, it was definitely glowing and pumping out a lot of amazing energy.
So I invite you to imagine that you are completely surrounded by these white, quartz crystal, standing stones.
Send out all the love and blessings that we have received in this time with this message, and send them out across the planet to all the open, searching hearts.
The message to 1) Harnesses the all mighty power of being truly authentic in each moment.
Only accept necessary temporary suffering as a way to awaken.
Always tell your body the whole truth, so it is empowered to truly heal.
Work together to manifest higher and lighter changes in the world.
Hold these thoughts as you send out your love and blessings to all of humanity.
Keep doing this until you feel the love return to you.
This may only take a few seconds.
Now we can see a huge beam of light now, in the center of our global circle that is going up and out into the Universe.
It is mushrooming out like a cosmic tube torus.
Our energy is going up and around, then through the Earth and then back to where it was sent from.
It looks like a spiraling light.
We now invite humanity to open its eyes to the truth, so everyone can realize their authentic spiritual path and accepting what is in each moment, and use each moment to uplift our world in a positive way.
Our energy has mushroomed out, and has gone all the way around the Earth.
It is coming up underneath our feet now, and going back into the center of our circle.
With each circumnavigation of our energy around our planet, the energy builds like a capacitor, becoming stronger and stronger.
Now little threads of light are connecting to each and every one of us who read this.
You will need to give permission for this to take place, as it feels big).
We are all in the energy that is growing quickly now.
It has circled around the Earth many times now as you read and participate in this inner ceremony.
There are many grid/energy ley lines that go around the Earth, and a new one that is being created now.
We will be the keepers of this grid line.
Every person that is on this grid line, (the new grid line's orientation is where you are as you read this) this upgrade and message will go to you.
All these little, new threads are a sacred responsibility that we are holding.
We will be able to send out little, light messages through these threads, like a spiritual internet.
I have never seen Archangel Michael and his team do anything like this before.
Remember I said it was big!
Whew! Breathe a bit here.
Now we need to take care of this new grid.
We are now a guardian and an emissary of this new light conduit.
Spend a few minutes each day, and send out a little love and light on your grid line.
Send acknowledgement and acceptance to all beings that are on your circuit.
You won't know who they are, but they will feel the impact.
This will help ease much of the spiritual loneliness that has intensified lately.
We need to recognize all the people across the planet who are doing this sacred work at the expense of their personal and financial lives and even their sleep time.
We are one little dot in a matrix of thousands.
And it is an honor.
So I want to thank Archangel Michael for this message and the strength and the power behind it.
We honor you for being with us, guarding our backs, clearing the way ahead of us and making sure that we are safe and sound on our journey.
We also want to honor all our like-minded followers and readers.
You are awesome, great light filled people that are always watching over US, praying for us, supporting us and holding us in perfect divine space, so we can receive and transcribe our messages.
We hope you are uplifted and benefit from our message, and your time was well spent here.
We know you are very busy with your lives and your work.
There are a Trinity of Eclipses on the way this summer.
The first being a solar eclipse on July 13 while we are in England.
Then a Total Lunar Eclipse on the 27th of July.
The last being a Partial Solar Eclipse on the 11th of August.
These events and other micro visions of the future are what triggered this message.
We have been learning to see in a new way for some time now.
It has been confusing and frustratingly indescribable, but it has pushed us to work and see outside the usual metaphysical box.
I watch everything differently now than I did before.
Clues are coming together in new and unexpected ways.
I began looking deeper into this summer’s energies as so many of my pals, who can also “SEE”, are having problems seeing past this summer.
So this must mean that something big and new is on the horizon.
Seeing forward or understanding / describing what we are seeing has been a challenge since 2013.
But this year, we have been seeing / feeling a matrix of so many new unexplainable energies that we don’t know what to focus on first.
This is the beginning of us learning to learn, live and manifest spherically.
Some things are beginning to come into focus.
We are watching the world go through huge collective waves of emotions that have triggered various much needed uprisings.
This is all part of the transformation and self-leveling of creation.
The wide reaching anger wave has subsided now, thankfully.
That was a few challenging months.
Now we have entered a void space before our authentic power kicks in.
I think this will happen in the trinity of closely positioned eclipses in July and August 2018.
We will be in England for the launch of this trinity.
The trinty is a huge symbol to the Celtic lands.
The triple goddess, the three Marys, Mother, daughter and Spirit Father, Son and the Holy Ghost, etc
What has replaced the short lived anger wave is now a feeling of great loss a deep but oddly peace, laced with confused and anxiousness feelings, yet feeing all is wellAll this is running very deep, at a core level, creating a great letting go at this deep level.
It is so deep that sometimes you may not even feel it.
Now Some say we are seeing big loss all around us.
This is defined differently depending on who is seeing it.
This wave is helping us let go of anything that we might be attached to, so we can be ready to leap into new energies that we are already being exposed to.
This feeling of global loss is triggering a huge assortment of personal and planetary events/symptoms depending on where we are at our letting go process.
Keep your peepers open and your lights lit bright on these days! 
Back in November 2016, we could feel the edges of a powerful, absolute, defiant rising of the Divine Feminine a.k.a the Creative Force of the Universe.
See full article linked below).
We had no idea what would be flushed to the surface back then.
And holy moly, we could not have imagined what has taken place since.
The Awakening.
was all about a deep, fiery cleansing bringing a lions share of abuses and misuses of energy and power back into the light.
We cannot miss seeing this light rise into action in our media headlines.
It is so exciting to see injustices brought to the light! This is what Goddess / Mother Sekhmet does best.
She is an energy to be reckoned with.
She is the mother of tough love.
You wouldn’t want to be on her bad side.
Many who have abused the divine feminine, or the creative force of the universe, have felt her fury and life changing, self-correcting power.
This is the POWER of the divine feminine.
The Evolution.
By the beginning of 2018, we began to see this powerful, cleansing movement evolve to the next higher bandwidth.
These various movements cannot maintain their much needed momentum by the use of force, rage or anger.
The new world will not support it, because it is not coming from truth, but ego.
We are going to start to see a great evolution of the now awakened feminine/creative energy.
This energy will be overseen by deep, encompassing wisdom from Celtic goddess orders, Mother Mary, and an ancient order of the Marys.
Their energies will keep these abuses flushed out into the light to be healed, but with a higher wisdom.
It will come from enlightened empowerment and finally victim mentality will die away.
These issues will never be reburied in the unconscious again.
They will evolve with a much needed balance between male and female and birth a new era of accepted gender neutrality.
The divine male has temporary been thrown under the bus this year while this cleansing is taking place.
So we send love to all the amazing beautiful men in this world.
They have had a rough go this past year as well.
The “Me Too / times up / enough” movements etc.
will be infused with enlightened truth that will encompass ALL genders.
This is the great WISDOM of the divine feminine.
The Healing.
We can only speuclate the future.
The future can never be predicted accurately.
But I am sure you have noticed this the playing out with predictions coming and going over the last few decades that never panned out.
These failed predictions have caused much disappointment and depression to the point that many people wanted to give up.
The Star Elders rarely predict the future, because the future is never written The future is created moment by moment by US! Every moment that we re-create and shift, we recalibrate reality collectively.
We are in fact manifesting from the ONE.
In the past, the way oracles have been able to see forward is by using many techniques.
One technique is a very simple one that we all use.
We remember what has taken place in the past, and we watch what is happening now.
From there, we can speculate and project a possible future by drawing a linear line from the past to the present.
But this is not working these days, as many of you have discovered.
We are now moving into spherical manifesting in the physical world.
Yep It is a very confusing time right now which is causing a great deal of anxiety (And a multitude of other symptoms that we all know about).
We feel like we are flying by the seat of our pants at the brink of disaster.
Our foundations are like quick sand.
Yet the disaster does not come.
With that said, I am beginning to get new clues.
I am having dreams that for now I cannot quite remember upon awakening, much to my disappointment.
These dreams have been showing me many perception shifts at the core of our reality.
The dreams felt like we are opening our eyes and finally seeing things for the way they really are and always have been.
It is like waking up to a new day.
And I intend every day that I’ll get more clarity on this as these shifts of perception were very specific.
It is the time to see what the truth actually is.
Once these perceptions have been uploaded into our new reality, it will change everything.
This the final phase of this evolution, and it will bring a long awaited, great healing.
We came here for this! For the remainder of 2018 and 2019, we will have increased frequencies of rememberings, and much of this will begin to anchor by the end 2019.
This will be the manifestation of the LOVE of the Divine Feminine.
All archetypes of the divine feminine will work together to bring about this great power / divine healing / higher love.
This will encompass the alchemical goddesses of the ancient past of Egypt.
It will also encompass Celtic / Essene orders of ancient Avalon, and the great hearts and wisdom of the goddesses of Central and South America like Goddess Ix Chel, etc It will strongly reverberate within the hearts of humanity.
By the time of this great healing, our destiny will no longer be altered, elevated, or hampered by our gender, social status, ethnicity or religion.
Equality was never meant to be fought for.
In truth, it just IS.
In the new reality, equality will never be an issue, because equality is the divine right of all living beings.
We will only be known by truth, the quality of our hearts and our frequencies.
This has been the divine plan all along.
We just had a goose bump moment with our guide Marcus Mason, and we have now arranged a ceremony for the healing of the planet, through a crystal grid placed on the ley line system at the Hurlers Stone Circle in Cornwall.
This will happen over a powerful Solar Eclipse energy.
We will be joined by Sue Weaver and her women’s group who have worked this area of Cornwall for many, many years.
This is going to be very deep! The last time we joined forces, the powerful energy certainly catapulted us to a higher bandwidth.
This is a defining year in the evolution of humanity, and we are blessed that they will be joining us.
We are seeing shifts and changes in the people that are joining our pilgrimages this year.
Many people called to our pilgrimage in July, for England, are humble and deep people with a wise elder feel.
We also are seeing a younger, next generation vibe joining us a well.
If feels like a spiritual baton being passed off to future generations that we hope will grow and reverberate for generations to come.
It feels like there is going to be very deep work accomplished for our future, laced with great bliss and joy.
We are expecting unexpected magic and deeper insights in these dates where astrologically the veils will be very thin.
P.S.
We still have space in this group, and there is still time to join us.
After May, it may be not be possible to book a room for you).
